Hello everyone, today I do this little one
video because I received some material
that I ordered or does a week ago
really very little because more than anything else
it was a test he wanted
do and I'm talking about the online site that
sells these particular yarns and site
it is called filiform threads and shapes
www.philips.it then I will leave you
the address on the Info box I had already
talked about these of these wires in a
video that I will link up here indeed
venelin co2 because in one
I'm talking about the review of the wires
combined at the end of bergamo so it is
the video of bergamo's daughter vi
I show the various wires I have
bought
the other instead where I show you some
things that I crochet with
I wanted these threads now
buy directly from their site
because precisely seen that things are true
nice that I just wanted to experiment and
cleo precisely purchased I took four
wires 4 bobbins of thread 2 of a type
and two of another and now maybe there
he took out of the packaging so that
you can see them well without i
reflections that unfortunately the
package does with light up to flush
that I want to show you this article
is called from rin 1.5 metal and is a
spool of 30 meters
the cost of this reel just from
30 meters is 4 euros 20 however as
then you will see if you also watch the videos
past that of
that of the creations rather than
other you will see that from a spool like
this you will be able to do is a couple of
earrings that a pretty bracelet
big and there will be more thread
so anyway he gets enough of it
processing this is in turquoise color
but on the site there really are
lots of colors of this thread
peculiarity which it would be
apart from that beautiful out because how
maybe you can guess it's enough
silky as a beautiful shiny finish e
very very particular and very smooth
soft in short this thread inside
to one year in treated copper for which
when we go to work it will not be there
need virtually dinami give anything
because it will remain pretty stiff
of his own without having to do any
treatment I see here is ostellato
does with the electric cables a little bit
to make you see just that inside
you see this metal core is present
the diameter of the wire is 1.5 per
crochet this kind of
thread I think a 3 2 and a half three
should be fine and this is one of the
colors that I purchased I will show you
soon and what I will surely do
something obviously for the summer seen
I took the color the same yarn
even in black it's black I have to say it's one
I use my favorite colors
lot
and nothing to say the same
characteristics of the first one
the same cost is always 30 meters e
the cost is 4 euros and 20 this too with
inside the copper wire being
treaty does not darken apart from that
you have inside anyway not from allergies
because it is treated and does not oxidize now vi
I show another type of thread
that I took from them the other kind of
thread that I took is this here
difference of the first thread does not have
an inner metal core and is more
small because it is a millimeter of
diameter is always 30 meters a
spool but if I remember correctly it is
this and other children is possible
also choose in larger quantities there
there are so many colors available
I wanted to try both this blue with
inside the lurex both this silver
always with inside in the lurex then 30
meters
the coast the cost of these and 3 euros e
50 I haven't got it to yet
test them unlike those that you
I showed before so I'll maybe do it
you can also see those later
I assume next week if you don't
or less sounds places to what we
I will combine and tell you what they will be
been my impressions
then this site
sells more than anything else this kind of
special yarns
some are called jewel yarns in
then several things also sells
chains but more than anything else treats yarns e
trimmings
what about quality is the same
obviously the ones I had
bought at the fair they sent me
also a tribute in this envelope here that
was inside the package one
white sachet with which their
header and inside was this
long very high elastic
fuchsia with sciences if you move
you see I don't know what I am sincerely
I will still have sent this too
May ordered last week and I have
received all today that today and Wednesday
so let's say that more or less one
week it takes at least they have
employed for me and last night I received
late in the evening from them an e-mail me
he said the expedition had been
carried out is that it would arrive
precisely with courier I spent 7 euros for
the shipment of these yarns are
indeed arrived today in fact e
nothing else then as they admire
elevated that you asked me in
several people after watching
these videos that just that you
I will list what could be done what
sold are generic information about
this seller
I thought it appropriate to do this
small video that maybe you can use
with the few indications I gave you
at the end inside the bag that
inside out on the envelope always
I show it to you in plastic
because there is the header as an address
however, there was this fiscal receipt
with the consideration to be paid is the
order number my name and so on
etc
this store by the way I believe that
also has a physical store that a
florence via leonardo da vinci 28 the
country is called capalle del fante hundred
another thing
capalle firenze so if maybe yes
tried you can also find it go to
take a ride to see if they have things
more than the site
with this I greet you I give you an appointment
the next hello soon